Add hint to find out jackrabbit version (#583)
sulu/sulu-docs: cookbook/jackrabbit.rst

    The ``PHPCR_WORKSPACE`` is something similar as a database name so it is best practice
    to have a similar value for it, for example: ``su_myproject`` in your ``.env`` files.

>     The ``JACKRABBIT_URL`` by default is running under `http://127.0.0.1:8080/server/`
>     or `http://127.0.0.1:8080/jackrabbit/server/` depending on Version and OS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```suggestion
    The ``JACKRABBIT_URL`` needs to point to your jackrabbit backend. 
    Depending on your OS and jackrabbit version, the default should be `http://127.0.0.1:8080/server/`
    or `http://127.0.0.1:8080/jackrabbit/server/`.
```
```

>     The ``JACKRABBIT_VERSION`` should be set for additional UTF-8 support like `emoticons`_ 🐣.
>     You can use the following curl request to find out the jackrabbit version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The ``JACKRABBIT_VERSION`` allows to enable additional functionality such as UTF-8 support for storing  `emoticons`_ 🐣.
    You can use the following curl request to gather the version of your jackrabbit backend:
```
